v=0
o=- 7 5   
s=-
t=ª0
m=video 1  5.9
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=chost
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=chost
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=ca
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candid9 typ host
a=ca typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=ndidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=dp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=chost
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=caa=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=canate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=caa=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=ca9
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=chost
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=chost
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=ca
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candid9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=dp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=chost
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=caa=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=canate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=caa=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=caododchost
a=candida udp 2 1
