v=0
o=- 7 5   
s=-
t=ª0
m=video 1  5.9
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=chost
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidte: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=chost
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 0 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=ch1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=chost
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 0 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candhost
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=cate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 0 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=ch1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=chost
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 0 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candhost
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2  9 typ host
a=c
a=candidate: 1 udp 2  9 typ host
a=candidate: 5% udp 2 1 0 typ host
a=caodchost!udost!udp 2 1
